+++

title = "Position"
small_title ="Research Assistant – at School of Design, Southern University of Science and Technology （SUSTech）"
author = ""
date ="2024-11-07"
tags = ["index"]
image =  "/img/home/join.jpg"
prelink ="/news/5"
TitleShow = 'hidden'
+++

## Position

**Research Assistant – at School of Design, Southern University of Science and Technology （SUSTech）**


Dr. Wanlin ZHANG is Assistant Professor of Design at School of Design, Southern University of Science and Technology. She is a cross-disciplinary design researcher whose work focuses on design for sustainability, socially responsible design, and culturally significant designs. She holds a PhD in Design from Lancaster University, UK, and MA degree in Design Science from Hunan University, China, and BA in Industrial Design from Central South University, China. Her PhD research, funded by CSC, explored the potential of design in supporting the long-term development of traditional craft communities. Her previous research also contributes to Located Making project, which is a collaborative three-year project funded by the UK Arts and Humanities Research Council (AHRC) Newton Fund. In addition, as a designer and design researcher, she was involved in several design projects and funded research projects, and she has research and commercial experience in user experience research, product development and project management. 

## Responsibilities



* Work closely together with PI, carry out research, develop content, organize research projects, assist in proposal and paper writing.
* Carry out design and research activities under the guidance
*  Assist with daily administrative work and teaching activities


## Qualifications 

*  Mater degree in a relevant field (applicants who have Computer Science, Engineering, or Information Science degrees are highly preferred)
*  Familiar with qualitative research and quantitative methods
*  High proficiency in English (written & spoken). The working language is English and Chinese
*  Ideally, applicants who are strongly self-directed learners and want to pursue an academic career are highly preferred.
*  Applicants who are interested in cultural studies are preferred.
  
## Compensation

Compensation is according to the university standard for research assistants.

## Apply & Contact

To apply, please send a brief motivation along with your Cover letter, CV (both in English and Chinese) and relevant materials (e.g. portfolio) to zhangwl3@sustech.edu.cnFor any questions, please do not hesitate to contact zhangwl3@sustech.edu.cn


## Dates

The job ad is posted in November 2024. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis until the position is filled. <br/>The starting date is subject to mutual agreement. Full-time or part-time is possible.